xiaoming90

high

# Malicious users could dilute and reduce the fee

## Summary

Malicious users could dilute the `feePerUser` to reduce the fee they must pay when claiming orders. This lead to a loss of assets due to lesser fees being collected for the owner and a loss of opportunity costs for the users.

## Vulnerability Detail

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-gfx/blob/main/uniswap-v3-limit-orders/src/LimitOrderRegistry.sol#L1309

```solidity
File: LimitOrderRegistry.sol
1299:     function _fulfillOrder(
1300:         uint256 target,
1301:         UniswapV3Pool pool,
1302:         BatchOrder storage order,
1303:         uint256 estimatedFee,
1304:         uint256 deadline
1305:     ) internal {
1306:         // Save fee per user in Claim Struct.
1307:         uint256 totalUsers = order.userCount;
1308:         Claim storage newClaim = claim[order.batchId];
1309:         newClaim.feePerUser = uint128(estimatedFee / totalUsers);
1310:         newClaim.pool = pool;
..SNIP..
```

As per Line 1309, all users within a batch order share the gas cost for fulfilling the order. The cost is split equally based on the number the users.

However, the problem is that if the minimum asset is not optimal (lower than expected), it will be cost-effective for a malicious user to use multiple different wallet addresses to submit the small order to dilute the `feePerUser`.

Assume the following:

- upkeepGasLimit = 300_000
- upkeepGasPrice = 150
- 1 ETH worth 2000 USD

In this case, the `estimatedFee` for fulfilling each batch order will be computed as follows:

```solidity
estimatedFee = upkeepGasLimit * gasPrice
estimatedFee = 300,000 * 150 Gwei = 45,000,000 Gwei = 0.045 ETH
```

The `estimatedFee` will be `0.045 ETH`, which is worth 90 USD.

If Bob is the only user within the batch order, he has to pay 90 USD worth of ETH all by himself when claiming the order.

If the minimum asset of a new order is set to 5 USDC, Bob could use two unique wallet addresses to create a new order within the same batch order by depositing a minimum sum of 5 USDC. In total, he spent 10 USDC to carry out the attack.

Subseqently, the `estimatedFee` will be divided by 3 users, which results in a `feePerUser` of 30 USD. Thus, when Bob claims his order, he only needs to pay 30 USD instead of 90 USD as a fee (60 USD cheaper)

Bob has no intention of claiming the two small orders that he used for the exploitation. Thus, he will forfeit around 10 USD worth of assets. In addition, he will not be paying 60 USD worth of the fee to the owner since he will not call the `claimOrder` function.

In summary, Bob saved 50 USD (90 - 30 - 10) through this exploit, and the owner lost around 60 USD of the fee.

## Impact

The immediate impact is a loss of assets for the owner due to lesser fees being collected from the users. 

If the losses are significant, it will indirectly affect the owner's ability to replenish the LINK tokens needed to fund the Chainlink Automation. If the LINK tokens were insufficient, the user's orders might not be fulfilled when they are already ITM, potentially leading to a loss of opportunity costs for the users. In addition, since fees are only charged on fulfilled orders, fewer fulfilled orders also mean there will be lesser fees collected.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-gfx/blob/main/uniswap-v3-limit-orders/src/LimitOrderRegistry.sol#L1309

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

One potential solution is to collect the fee in advance based on the current number of users in a batch order. This should provide a rough estimation of the expected `feePerUser` when the order is fulfilled. When the users claim the order, any excess fee will be refunded, or any deficit will be collected from the users.

This would minimize the owner's loss during an attack. Additionally, it would make the attack unprofitable regardless of the minimum sum configured by the owner, which will benefit users who might not know how to compute the optimal minimum asset for each token to mitigate this risk. 

Also, the optimal minimum asset to mitigate this risk might differ from the optimal minimum asset needed to prevent users from spamming small orders.