mstpr-brainbot

medium

# Owner can take advantage of the keeper contracts functions to harm users

## Summary
Owner can call few functions in keeper registry to harm users.
## Vulnerability Detail
The owner of the upkeep job in keeper registry is the owner of the LimitOrderRegistry. There are some functions that are crucial for the healthy maintenance of the LimitOrderRegistry contract. If owner is malicious, owner can cancel the upkeep for a pool that would make that pools keepers to not work. What's worse is that it is not possible to re-register the pool to upkeep because of these lines

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-gfx/blob/main/uniswap-v3-limit-orders/src/LimitOrderRegistry.sol#L393
 
## Impact

Although the owner can't really steal the funds from users directly, owner can mess with the keeper settings. If owner manages to deactivate all the upkeep jobs the fees that owner takes when user claims is basically a stolen fund since the keeper service is permanently closed.

There are bunch of keeper functions that owner can take advantage to harm users. I don't want to put single issues for all of them so I'll list the potential dangerous functions for owner to call to harm the users. 

## Code Snippet
Functions in keeper contract that owner can take advantage

https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/1ec921f4aa288dbdd7e67df151b4adc8b4a339eb/contracts/src/v0.8/automation/2_0/KeeperRegistryLogic2_0.sol#L176-L205

https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/1ec921f4aa288dbdd7e67df151b4adc8b4a339eb/contracts/src/v0.8/automation/2_0/KeeperRegistryLogic2_0.sol#L223-L256

https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/1ec921f4aa288dbdd7e67df151b4adc8b4a339eb/contracts/src/v0.8/automation/2_0/KeeperRegistryLogic2_0.sol#L302-L359
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If the idea of the contract is to provide a fully decentralized and permissionless software, keeper admin functions should be in a contract aswell and there should be some validations on how owner can calls them. 