mstpr-brainbot

medium

# Malicious user can take advantage of unset minimumAssets values

## Summary
Users can take advantage of the not setted minimumAssets by DOS'ing the queue or lowering the fee after a successful fulfilled order.
## Vulnerability Detail
When a new pool added by the owner, the minimumAssets is not enforced to set. Minimum amount originally always blocks 0 amount deposits. However, if it's not set a user can take advantage of this by creating minimal orders. This would not only DOS the queue but the fee that the user pays will also be lower. A user can create multiple accounts and deposit the bear minimum which is usually 10001 due to the minAmountOut calculation in the _addPosition since 0 amount liquidity adding is forbidden in univ3.

This is how the fee is calculated for users when they claim their position:
`newClaim.feePerUser = uint128(estimatedFee / totalUsers); `

if user can increase the totalUsers to a big number, user can lower down the fee.

Scenario: Assume the minimumAmounts are not set for the token LUSD. Bob created an order and he is the only one in that order. 
Bob assumes the `estimatedFee` which is `uint256(upkeepGasLimit * getGasPrice())` will be 0.1 ETH. 
Bob adds 10001 LUSD with 10 different accounts to the same tick position. 10001 LUSD is a very very low number since LUSD has 18 decimals so Bob can do this almost free. Now, when Bobs' order fulfills via a successful performUpkeep, Bob will pay 

0.1 / 10 = 0.01 ETH. Which means Bob paid 10x lower fee than he should have. 
## Impact
Although this can easily prevented by the owner by setting the minimumAssets in the same tx with registering the token, I classified this as a medium finding since the owner is RESTRICTED. I think this should be enforced when a new pool is registered.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-gfx/blob/main/uniswap-v3-limit-orders/src/LimitOrderRegistry.sol#L1215-L1248

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-gfx/blob/main/uniswap-v3-limit-orders/src/LimitOrderRegistry.sol#L1256-L1261
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When registering the pool, also set the minimumAssets amounts for both of the tokens. 