Dug

medium

# Owner can steal funds via malicious `fastGasFeed` contract

## Summary

The audit criteria has the owner as restricted and states that 'the owner should not be able to steal funds'. However, the owner can steal large amounts from claims by deploying and registering a malicious `fastGasFeed` contract that returns a very high gas price.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `LimitOrderRegistry` has a `setGasFeed` that allows the owner to set any contract as the gas feed.

```solidity
    function setFastGasFeed(address feed) external onlyOwner {
        fastGasFeed = feed;
    }
```

Fees are dynamically calculated using this gas feed in the `performUpkeep` function.

```solidity
    function performUpkeep(bytes calldata performData) external {
        ...
        uint256 estimatedFee = uint256(upkeepGasLimit * getGasPrice());
```	

This means that the owner can swap out the `fastGasFeed` contract at anytime as a way to charge very high, illegitimate fees to unsuspecting users, effectively stealing their funds.

Additionally, the owner can manipulate the `minimumAssets` amount. By raising this amount, they are able to increase how much they can steal. This is because fees can be inflated to the value of the smallest order in the batch.

Once setting a malicious `fastGasFeed`, the owner can call `performUpkeep` then `claimOrder` for each user in the batch, ensuring that the inflated fees are collected.

## Impact

The owner can steal funds from users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-gfx/blob/main/uniswap-v3-limit-orders/src/LimitOrderRegistry.sol#L482-L484

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-gfx/blob/main/uniswap-v3-limit-orders/src/LimitOrderRegistry.sol#L914-L962

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

If the owner is restricted, they should not be able to set the gas feed independently.